>> Brian: Let's go actually make
this work with redux itself.
>> Brian: So
rather we're gonna open app.js again.
>> Brian: And
we're just going to import the provider.
>> Brian: import [ Provider
as ReduxProvider },
>> Brian: from './', not './', reactRedux.
>> Brian: So
now this gives a ReduxProvider.
It works just like the provider from
context that we have previously
talked about.
>> Brian: And then down here wrapping
this Provider right here or inside,
it doesn't actually
really matter too much.
We'll put it on the outside here, I guess.
So ReduxProvider,
store is going be equal to store.
And I have to import
that store from ./store.
So I'll show you that
here in just a second
>> Brian: And then you can see up here,
I imported store right there on line 10.
>> Brian: Okay, so
that's ReduxProvider right there.
>> Brian: So now anywhere that I
want to grab the Redux store state,
I can do that because now I
have this ReduxProvider here.
>> Brian: So just to kinda show you what
that looks like before we kinda change
that for good.
We're just doing location at the moment,
and then I'll show you the rest and
how to connect everything back up.
So just go ahead and
delete LocationChange right here.
And we'll drop that as
well from our state.
And we'll drop Location from
here in our state, as well.
So I'm deleting everything to do
with location, inside of our app.js.
>> Brian: Okay?
>> Brian: Now,
>> Brian: Just
to kinda show you how that works and
then we'll refactor here in just a second.
I'm going to,
>> Brian: Yeah,
let's do this this inside of Results.
So inside of Results.source, right here,
>> Brian: Right now,
everything is coming from
the searchParams here in the context.
>> Brian: Yeah, this got messy quickly,
but that's okay.
const function ResultsWithContext, here.
I'm gonna do a thing here called
mapStateToProps, const mapStateToProps.
This is at the bottom of results.js.
This is gonna be equal to
a function with animal, breed, and
we'll just do actually
location at the moment.
>> Brian: And then we're going to
return an object here of location.
>> Brian: And then we're going to export
default connect(mapStateToProps) and
(ResultsWithContext).
>> Brian: So this automatically,
not http2, wow.
We want this from react-redux.
>> Brian: So
that's what this connect function does.
[COUGH] It takes the mapStateToProps
function that we use,
it grabs data out of the store,
looking here.
So this is the store, right?
This gives you everything
inside of the store and
I'm just grabbing the location out of it.
And I'm returning here an object.
If you're confused about what this is,
you could totally
put,
>> Brian: Like this.
>> Brian: return, that's it, so
that's what this is actually doing.
It's just returning an object
with location: location, right?
So I'm connecting this, I'm connecting
the results with context to the react
store and it's going to inject location
as a prop to ResultsWithContext,
which then get passed on to these props.
Which then eventually get
passed in to Results.
It's kinda several steps there,
but that's okay, right?
What I want you to observe at this
is the mapStateToProps, right?
We call connect into the first
function here with mapStateToProps.
And this is one function that returns
another function that we're calling right
here with ResultsWithContext,
which is injecting location
into ResultsWithContext.
So now, up here in Results, on this.props,
this.props.location like that.
>> Brian: location, location.
>> Brian: Yep, that's good.
So now this.props.location is
coming from the Redux store.
So everything here should still work.
We just won't be able to update it right
now cuz we haven't written that part
of the code.
>> Brian: So is this running?
It is, okay, localhost.
>> Brian: Which is going
into the search box, right?
And search box reading it from context.
So we'd have to do that as well.
So we'll get there in just a second, but
do you see how we get data out of
Redux and into a React application?
Does that make sense?
>> Brian: We use this mapStateToProps,
connect is a function that
we give this function to.
And that will inject that as
props into ResultsWithContext.
And that's all that mapStateToProps does.